functions: Add TIDB_MVCC_INFO, TIDB_ENCODE_INDEX_KEY and TIDB_ENCODE_RECORD_KEY (#19715)
pingcap/docs: functions-and-operators/tidb-functions.md

| [`TIDB_DECODE_KEY()`](#tidb_decode_key) | Decodes a TiDB-encoded key entry into a JSON structure containing `_tidb_rowid` and `table_id`. These encoded keys can be found in some system tables and logging outputs. |
| [`TIDB_DECODE_PLAN()`](#tidb_decode_plan) | Decodes a TiDB execution plan. |
| [`TIDB_DECODE_SQL_DIGESTS()`](#tidb_decode_sql_digests) | Queries the normalized SQL statements (a form without formats and arguments) corresponding to a set of SQL digests in the cluster. |
| [`TIDB_ENCODE_INDEX_KEY()`](#tidb_encode_index_key) | Encodes an index key. |
| [`TIDB_ENCODE_RECORD_KEY()`](#tidb_encode_record_key) | Encodes a record key. |
| [`TIDB_ENCODE_SQL_DIGEST()`](#tidb_encode_sql_digest) | Gets a digest for a query string. |
| [`TIDB_IS_DDL_OWNER()`](#tidb_is_ddl_owner) | Checks whether or not the TiDB instance you are connected to is the DDL Owner. The DDL Owner is the TiDB instance that is tasked with executing DDL statements on behalf of all other nodes in the cluster. |

> | [`TIDB_MVCC_INFO()`](#tidb_mvcc_info) | Returns MVCC info about a key. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`TIDB_MVCC_INFO()`](#tidb_mvcc_info) | Returns the MVCC information about a key. |
```

> | [`TIDB_MVCC_INFO()`](#tidb_mvcc_info) | Returns the MVCC (Multi-Version Concurrency Control) information about a key. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`TIDB_MVCC_INFO()`](#tidb_mvcc_info) | Returns the [MVCC (Multi-Version Concurrency Control)](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/glossary#multi-version-concurrency-control-mvcc) information about a key. |
```

| [`TIDB_DECODE_KEY()`](#tidb_decode_key) | Decodes a TiDB-encoded key entry into a JSON structure containing `_tidb_rowid` and `table_id`. These encoded keys can be found in some system tables and logging outputs. |
| [`TIDB_DECODE_PLAN()`](#tidb_decode_plan) | Decodes a TiDB execution plan. |
| [`TIDB_DECODE_SQL_DIGESTS()`](#tidb_decode_sql_digests) | Queries the normalized SQL statements (a form without formats and arguments) corresponding to a set of SQL digests in the cluster. |
| [`TIDB_ENCODE_INDEX_KEY()`](#tidb_encode_index_key) | Encodes an index key. |
| [`TIDB_ENCODE_RECORD_KEY()`](#tidb_encode_record_key) | Encodes a record key. |
| [`TIDB_ENCODE_SQL_DIGEST()`](#tidb_encode_sql_digest) | Gets a digest for a query string. |
| [`TIDB_IS_DDL_OWNER()`](#tidb_is_ddl_owner) | Checks whether or not the TiDB instance you are connected to is the DDL Owner. The DDL Owner is the TiDB instance that is tasked with executing DDL statements on behalf of all other nodes in the cluster. |
| [`TIDB_PARSE_TSO()`](#tidb_parse_tso) | Extracts the physical timestamp from a TiDB TSO timestamp. See also: [`tidb_current_ts`](/system-variables.md#tidb_current_ts). |

> | [`TIDB_MVCC_INFO()`](#tidb_mvcc_info) | Returns MVCC info about a key. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`TIDB_MVCC_INFO()`](#tidb_mvcc_info) | Returns the MVCC information about a key. |
```

Author: Should we link to https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/glossary#multi-version-concurrency-control-mvcc ?

> | [`TIDB_MVCC_INFO()`](#tidb_mvcc_info) | Returns the [MVCC (Multi-Version Concurrency Control)](/glossary.md#multi-version-concurrency-control-mvcc) information about a key. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`TIDB_MVCC_INFO()`](#tidb_mvcc_info) | Returns the [MVCC (Multi-Version Concurrency Control)](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/glossary#multi-version-concurrency-control-mvcc) information about a key. |
```

| 74800000000000007f5f698000000000000001038000000000000001038000000000000001 |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
1 row in set (0.00 sec)
```

## TIDB_ENCODE_RECORD_KEY

Encodes a record key.

```sql
CREATE TABLE t(id int PRIMARY KEY, a int, KEY `idx` (a));
```

```
Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.00 sec)
```

```sql
INSERT INTO t VALUES(1,1);
```

```
Query OK, 1 row affected (0.00 sec)
```

```sql
SELECT TIDB_ENCODE_RECORD_KEY('test', 't', 1);
```

```
+----------------------------------------+
| TIDB_ENCODE_RECORD_KEY('test', 't', 1) |
+----------------------------------------+
| 7480000000000000845f728000000000000001 |
+----------------------------------------+
1 row in set (0.00 sec)
```

```sql
SELECT TIDB_DECODE_KEY('7480000000000000845f728000000000000001');
```

```
+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| TIDB_DECODE_KEY('7480000000000000845f728000000000000001') |
+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| {"id":1,"table_id":"132"}                                 |
+-----------------------------------------------------------+
1 row in set (0.00 sec)
```

## TIDB_MVCC_INFO

> Returns MVCC info for a key. The `TIDB_ENCODE_INDEX_KEY` function can be used to obtain a key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the MVCC information for a key. You can use the [`TIDB_ENCODE_INDEX_KEY`](#TIDB_ENCODE_INDEX_KEY) function to obtain a key.
```

Author: Same for this one, we could link to https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/glossary#multi-version-concurrency-control-mvcc

> Returns MVCC info for a key. The `TIDB_ENCODE_INDEX_KEY` function can be used to obtain a key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Returns the [MVCC (Multi-Version Concurrency Control)](/glossary.md#multi-version-concurrency-control-mvcc) information for a key. You can use the [`TIDB_ENCODE_INDEX_KEY`](tidb_encode_index_key) function to obtain a key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the [MVCC (Multi-Version Concurrency Control)](/glossary.md#multi-version-concurrency-control-mvcc) information for a key. You can use the [`TIDB_ENCODE_INDEX_KEY`](#tidb_encode_index_key) function to obtain a key.
```

> Returns the [MVCC (Multi-Version Concurrency Control)](/glossary.md#multi-version-concurrency-control-mvcc) information for a key. You can use the [`TIDB_ENCODE_INDEX_KEY`](#TIDB_ENCODE_INDEX_KEY) function to obtain a key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Returns the [MVCC (Multi-Version Concurrency Control)](/glossary.md#multi-version-concurrency-control-mvcc) information for a key. You can use the [`TIDB_ENCODE_INDEX_KEY`](tidb_encode_index_key) function to obtain a key.
```

> Returns the [MVCC (Multi-Version Concurrency Control)](/glossary.md#multi-version-concurrency-control-mvcc) information for a key. You can use the [`TIDB_ENCODE_INDEX_KEY`](#tidb_encode_index_key) function to obtain a key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the [MVCC (Multi-Version Concurrency Control)](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/glossary#multi-version-concurrency-control-mvcc) information for a key. You can use the [`TIDB_ENCODE_INDEX_KEY`](#tidb_encode_index_key) function to obtain a key.
```
